Fix Switch's alignment when it's used with a left/right aligned FormFieldLabel (#3150)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: .changeset/rare-turkeys-change.md

---
"@salt-ds/core": patch
---

> Fix padding when Switch used with left/right aligned FormFieldLabel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed padding when a Switch is used with a left/right aligned FormFieldLabel.
```
